# simplebot
Simple whitelist/basic moderation discord bot

All that is required for use is adding a token from your own botto the token variable in the bot.py file, and enabling member intents on the dashboard. use !help for a list of commands. ROLES AND CHANNEL PERMISSIONS MUST BE MANUALLY SET! SOME CHANNELS AND ROLES WILL BE ADDED AND THE NAMES MUST STAY THE SAME. the bot will automatically assign the Non-Allowed role to any users that join. this is recommended to be the non whitelisted role. The access role will be given to a user when they are verified, and the Non-access role will be removed. the !gen <user_id> command can only be used in #codes. the '!verify code' command can only be used in #verify. once a code is given to a user, only that user will be able to use the code. the highest number of messages that can be purged at a time is 99. the bots tole must be set above all of these rules, and it requires admin to make and delete roles/channels.

To run the bot you must install python, and discord.py. python can be downloaded from python.org. install npm and then run npm install discord.py. discord.py version is 12.5.3. once these are installed the bot can be run from the terminal with the command python bot.py. this will not display any additional text in the window, but be assured its running. the bot seems to throw some errors here and there but it seems functional so I havent changed it. make sure the bot is running when you invite it to a server so it can do first time setup.
