README.md, before:

# onebot
Simple moderation discord bot // This project is now depricated. Discord.py will no longer receive updates so this bot will not be able to run in the near future.

To use this follow the below guide to install the dependencies, follow the wizard on first run, and then enabling member intents on the dashboard. 
use $help for a list of commands (replace $ with your chosen prefix). The bots role must be set above all of the non-mod roles, and it requires admin to make and manage roles/channels.

**DEPENDS:**
To run the bot you must first clone this by eityher downloading zip or running `git clone https://github.com/jumpers775/OneBot && cd Onebot`, then install python, and discord.py. python can be downloaded from python.org (or your distros package manager on linux/unix systems). install pip (`python3 -m ensurepip`) and then run `pip install aiohttp discord youtube_dl ffmpeg youtube-search-python PyNaCl python-dotenv`. ensure discord.py version is 12.5.3. once these are installed the bot can be run from the terminal with the command `python bot.py`. make sure the bot is running when you invite it to a server so it can do first time setup. This supports windows, unix based OSes, and linux.

Commit message:

add the new bot with slash commands

README.md, after:

# onebot
Discord Evererything Bot


# **Instructions for new bot**
First, install the dependencies using `python3 -m pip install discord json` (note that as of release the latest discord stable does not include slashes and you will need to install it with `python3 -m pip install -U git+https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py`), then clone the github or unzip the latest release to an empty folder of your choosing. next, run the bot with `python3 bot.py`. Input your bots token and the bot will run. 


# **Instructions for old bot**
Note that the old bot currently has more features, but does not use slash commands, and is quite outdated. It may stop working at a later date.

To use this follow the below guide to install the dependencies, follow the wizard on first run, and then enabling member intents on the dashboard. 
use $help for a list of commands (replace $ with your chosen prefix). The bots role must be set above all of the non-mod roles, and it requires admin to make and manage roles/channels.

**DEPENDS:**
To run the bot you must first clone this by eityher downloading zip or running `git clone https://github.com/jumpers775/OneBot && cd Onebot`, then install python, and discord.py. python can be downloaded from python.org (or your distros package manager on linux/unix systems). install pip (`python3 -m ensurepip`) and then run `python3 -m pip install aiohttp discord youtube_dl ffmpeg youtube-search-python PyNaCl python-dotenv`. ensure discord.py version is 12.5.3. once these are installed the bot can be run from the terminal with the command `python oldbot.py`. make sure the bot is running when you invite it to a server so it can do first time setup. This supports windows, unix based OSes, and linux.
